# Smart-governance-through-bigdata
MAJOR PROJECT
ABSTRACT:

Bigdata is a potential instrument to transform traditional governance into smart governance. There are a long debate and discussion on the application of big data for the transformation of traditional public administration to modern and smart public administration in the academician, researchers, and policymakers. This study aims to explore the suitability and applicability of big data for smart governance of public agencies. A systematic review of literature and metaanalysis method is employed with various levels of scales and indicators. Literature survey shows that a number of models have been developed to explain smart governance but systematic research on the suitability and applicability of big data for smart governance of public agencies is still lacking. This article argues that the application of big data for smart governance in the public sector can increase the efficiency of the public agencies fastest public service delivery, enhancing transparency, reducing public hassle and helping to the become a smart agency. This paper further argues that implementation of big data for smart governance has a significant role in timely, error-free, appropriate and costeffective service delivery to citizens which leads to the sustainable economic development of a country. The findings suggest that every public-sector agency should be brought under smart governance which should be a fully promoted under big data technologies for easy access, transparent and accountable, and hassle-free public agencies.

CONCLUSION:

This study suggests a conceptual model which explain how data will be collected from various sources and followed a series of the procedure by maintaining a certain indicator that explains the measurement of the standard of the system. It also explains the outcome after following a series of procedures. This study reveals that big data has actually big potential for smart governance in the public sector even though it is still in its initial stage. The government agencies can easily improve its public service delivery, day to day operators, policy-making decision, and other value-added services to the citizen by holding a large amount of data with applying big data analytics. But the privacy of the citizen should be maintained strictly and priority based to minimize the risks, threats, and challenges. This study also explores that the public sectors agencies are not fully ready to adopt this technology due to the scarcity of the data, uncertainty, and lack of efficiency of the administrators and policymakers. It suggests that every government agency should adopt the big data technology for reducing corruption, threat and challenges and increasing efficiency, accountability and transparency which will help to become themselves transparent, accountable and hassle free public agencies.
